samples/react-app/README.md, before:

# react-app sample

This sample was created using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/).

## How to run

- Go to your Azure Active Directory application on the portal, then to the "Authentication" section, then ensure that http://localhost:3000 appears as a Single-page application redirect URI. If it doesn't exist, create it. Also, enable the options related to "Implicit grant and hybrid flows".
  - For more information: [Single-page application: App registration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-spa-app-registration).
- Go to your Azure Active Directory application's API Permissions on the portal. Ensure that your application has the "user_impersonation" permission for the Azure Service Management service.
- Keep in mind that the account administrator may need to grant admin consent for the Default Directory.
  - For more information: [Grant admin consent in App registrations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/grant-admin-consent).
- Copy "sample.env" as ".env" and add your own clientId, tenantId, and subscriptionId values
- Run `npm install` and `npm start`

Please see [src/App.tsx](src/App.tsx) for the most relevant example code.

Commit message:

Refactor instructions in readmes for the samples

samples/react-app/README.md, after:

# react-app sample

This sample was created using [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/).

## How to run

### Setup in Azure portal

- [Register a single page application](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-spa-app-registration) in the Microsoft identity platform
- Configure the app registration with a redirect URI to specify where the Microsoft identity platform should redirect the client along with any security tokens.
  - Follow the instructions at [Redirect URI: MSAL.js 1.0 with implicit flow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/scenario-spa-app-registration#redirect-uri-msaljs-10-with-implicit-flow) to set the redirect URI to http://localhost:3000
  - Please note that `@azure/ms-rest-browserauth` does not support MSAL.js 2.0
- Ensure that your application has the right permission for the `Azure Service Management` that is used in this sample
  - In your app registration in the Azure portal, go to `API Permissions`
  - Click on `Add a permission`
  - Select `Azure Service Management`
  - Check the box for `user_impersonation` permission
- Keep in mind that the account administrator may need to grant admin consent for the Default Directory.
  - For more information: [Grant admin consent in App registrations](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/manage-apps/grant-admin-consent).

### Update and run the sample

- Copy "sample.env" as ".env" and add your own clientId, tenantId, and subscriptionId values
- Run `npm install` and `npm start`

Please see [src/App.tsx](src/App.tsx) for the most relevant example code.
